# Day 2 ( 4 Hours )

## Listing OpenShift nodes in the cluster
```
oc get nodes
```

Expected output
<pre>
(jegan@tektutor.org)$ <b>oc get nodes</b>
NAME                        STATUS   ROLES           AGE   VERSION
master-1.ocp.tektutor.org   Ready    master,worker   25h   v1.23.12+6b34f32
master-2.ocp.tektutor.org   Ready    master,worker   25h   v1.23.12+6b34f32
master-3.ocp.tektutor.org   Ready    master,worker   25h   v1.23.12+6b34f32
worker-1.ocp.tektutor.org   Ready    worker          25h   v1.23.12+6b34f32
worker-2.ocp.tektutor.org   Ready    worker          25h   v1.23.12+6b34f32
</pre>

## Listing the projects
```
oc get projects
```

Expected output
<pre>
(jegan@tektutor.org)$ <b>oc get projects</b>
NAME                                               DISPLAY NAME   STATUS
default                                                           Active
kube-node-lease                                                   Active
kube-public                                                       Active
kube-system                                                       Active
openshift                                                         Active
openshift-apiserver                                               Active
openshift-apiserver-operator                                      Active
openshift-authentication                                          Active
openshift-authentication-operator                                 Active
openshift-cloud-controller-manager                                Active
openshift-cloud-controller-manager-operator                       Active
openshift-cloud-credential-operator                               Active
openshift-cloud-network-config-controller                         Active
openshift-cluster-csi-drivers                                     Active
openshift-cluster-machine-approver                                Active
openshift-cluster-node-tuning-operator                            Active
openshift-cluster-samples-operator                                Active
openshift-cluster-storage-operator                                Active
openshift-cluster-version                                         Active
openshift-config                                                  Active
openshift-config-managed                                          Active
openshift-config-operator                                         Active
openshift-console                                                 Active
openshift-console-operator                                        Active
openshift-console-user-settings                                   Active
openshift-controller-manager                                      Active
openshift-controller-manager-operator                             Active
openshift-dns                                                     Active
openshift-dns-operator                                            Active
openshift-etcd                                                    Active
openshift-etcd-operator                                           Active
openshift-host-network                                            Active
openshift-image-registry                                          Active
openshift-infra                                                   Active
openshift-ingress                                                 Active
openshift-ingress-canary                                          Active
openshift-ingress-operator                                        Active
openshift-insights                                                Active
openshift-kni-infra                                               Active
openshift-kube-apiserver                                          Active
openshift-kube-apiserver-operator                                 Active
openshift-kube-controller-manager                                 Active
openshift-kube-controller-manager-operator                        Active
openshift-kube-scheduler                                          Active
openshift-kube-scheduler-operator                                 Active
openshift-kube-storage-version-migrator                           Active
openshift-kube-storage-version-migrator-operator                  Active
openshift-machine-api                                             Active
openshift-machine-config-operator                                 Active
openshift-marketplace                                             Active
openshift-monitoring                                              Active
openshift-multus                                                  Active
openshift-network-diagnostics                                     Active
openshift-network-operator                                        Active
openshift-node                                                    Active
openshift-oauth-apiserver                                         Active
openshift-openstack-infra                                         Active
openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager                              Active
openshift-operators                                               Active
openshift-ovirt-infra                                             Active
openshift-sdn                                                     Active
openshift-service-ca                                              Active
openshift-service-ca-operator                                     Active
openshift-user-workload-monitoring                                Active
openshift-vsphere-infra                                           Active
</pre>
